PROPOSAL.md, before:

# Project Proposal Example

## Project Choice (Tell us which project you're doing!)

Tic Tac Toe Tic

## Project Description 

My app is called Tic Tac Toe Tic, which is a variant of Tic Tac Toe made by a friend of mine. It's two players, like Tic Tac Toe, but the players start off on a 4 by 4 grid and must get 4 in a row to win. However, on each player's turn, they can choose to either place a piece of their color, or expand the board in any direction by adding a row or column to the edge of the grid. Users can reset the game and can change the basic game parameters, and for stretch goals I'd like to add options for various kinds of tic tac toe variants (either regular Tic Tac Toe, a misere variant where if an opponent gets k in a row, they lose, and others.)

## Wire Frames

**Initial view**
![image](https://github.com/Fekinox/tic-tac-toe-tic/assets/20966518/8549f2d0-06c5-485e-8b60-1023121fc02f)


**Win*
![image](https://github.com/Fekinox/tic-tac-toe-tic/assets/20966518/ead53ea9-6ce0-4481-998f-9bcdf7080ccb)


**Board expansion**
![Board expansion](https://github.com/Fekinox/tic-tac-toe-tic/assets/20966518/d3259af3-7ddf-4420-a51f-11aba6f999bf)

## User Stories

#### MVP Goals

- As a player, I want to recognize 4 ticks in a row to know who won a game.
  - As a player, I want to highlight the winning tiles so I know specifically who won.
- As a player, I want to expand the board by adding a row or colun to the edge of the grid.
- As a player, I want some visual feedback on win.
- As a player, I would like to reset the game state at any time so I can play again.
- As a player, I want the UI to be clean, modern, and responsive, with smooth, subtle animations on all updates to game state.
- As a player, I want to be able to scroll through the game board if/when it gets too large so that the icons don't become too small for me to feasibly see.

#### Stretch Goals

- As a player who is playing on a mobile device, I wish to have a consistent, seamless, and comfortable user experience.
- As a player, I would like to open a settings menu in which I can set game parameters like the initial number of rows and columns and the number of tiles needed to win.
- As a player, I would like access to different variations on the rules, such as regular tic-tac-toe rules without board expansion, or misere rules in which forcing a player to get k-in-a-row counts as a win instead of a loss.

#### Timeline - Daily Accountability
| Day       | Task                                                                                                                           | Notes |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|
| Monday    | Most of the game functionality's already complete- focus on adding responsive design and removing visual/animation bugs.       |       |
| Tuesday   | Add a settings menu and clean up the code making it easier to change game properties.                                          |       |
| Wednesday | Try to add new variants and ruleset changes like misere rules, board configuration, or disabling TTTT board expansion entirely |       |
| Thursday  | Free time to either complete previous tasks or work on stretch goals.                                                          |       |
| Friday    | Presentation time.                                                                                                             |       |

Commit message:

Add additional stretch goals to proposal

PROPOSAL.md, after:

# Project Proposal Example

## Project Choice (Tell us which project you're doing!)

Tic Tac Toe Tic

## Project Description 

My app is called Tic Tac Toe Tic, which is a variant of Tic Tac Toe made by a friend of mine. It's two players, like Tic Tac Toe, but the players start off on a 4 by 4 grid and must get 4 in a row to win. However, on each player's turn, they can choose to either place a piece of their color, or expand the board in any direction by adding a row or column to the edge of the grid. Users can reset the game and can change the basic game parameters, and for stretch goals I'd like to add options for various kinds of tic tac toe variants (either regular Tic Tac Toe, a misere variant where if an opponent gets k in a row, they lose, and others.)

## Wire Frames

**Initial view**
![image](https://github.com/Fekinox/tic-tac-toe-tic/assets/20966518/8549f2d0-06c5-485e-8b60-1023121fc02f)


**Win**
![image](https://github.com/Fekinox/tic-tac-toe-tic/assets/20966518/ead53ea9-6ce0-4481-998f-9bcdf7080ccb)


**Board expansion**
![Board expansion](https://github.com/Fekinox/tic-tac-toe-tic/assets/20966518/d3259af3-7ddf-4420-a51f-11aba6f999bf)

## User Stories

#### MVP Goals

- As a player, I want to recognize 4 ticks in a row to know who won a game.
  - As a player, I want to highlight the winning tiles so I know specifically who won.
- As a player, I want to expand the board by adding a row or colun to the edge of the grid.
- As a player, I want some visual feedback on win.
- As a player, I would like to reset the game state at any time so I can play again.
- As a player, I want the UI to be clean, modern, and responsive, with smooth, subtle animations on all updates to game state.
- As a player, I want to be able to scroll through the game board if/when it gets too large so that the icons don't become too small for me to feasibly see.
- As a developer, I want a clean, nicely managed codebase to make it easier to
  add new games and functionality.

#### Stretch Goals

- As a player who is playing on a mobile device, I wish to have a consistent, seamless, and comfortable user experience.
- As a player, I would like to open a settings menu in which I can set game parameters like the initial number of rows and columns and the number of tiles needed to win.
- As a player, I would like access to different variations on the rules, such as regular tic-tac-toe rules without board expansion, or misere rules in which forcing a player to get k-in-a-row counts as a win instead of a loss.
- As a player, I would like to play additional games that also use the same
  game board.
  - I would like to add Othello, a 2-player game where players compete to fill
    a grid with pieces of their own color.
  - I would like to add Connect-4, a game where players drop pieces down onto a
    board to get four in a row.
- As a player, I would like to choose between additional color themes to
  personalize my game experience.
  - As a player, I would like my color scheme choices persisted in the browser
    so that if I open the game again or refresh the page, the theme remains
    there.

#### Timeline - Daily Accountability
| Day       | Task                                                                                                                           | Notes |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|
| Monday    | Most of the game functionality's already complete- focus on adding responsive design and removing visual/animation bugs.       |       |
| Tuesday   | Add a settings menu and clean up the code making it easier to change game properties.                                          |       |
| Wednesday | Try to add new variants and ruleset changes like misere rules, board configuration, or disabling TTTT board expansion entirely |       |
| Thursday  | Free time to either complete previous tasks or work on stretch goals.                                                          |       |
| Friday    | Presentation time.                                                                                                             |       |
